# Story Outline

The player is introduced to the game as an IT technician working in their
company's data center. The game opens into a cutscene where the player is
performing some maintenance activities in a small data center. An accident
occurs in the data center which results in the player blacking out and waking up
inside an AWS account.

When the player wakes up, they are introduced to CHLOE who explains the player's
situation and familiarizes them with the core controls. The player is introduced
to cloud computing by CHLOE, who explains that the player needs to use AWS to
"build their way out" of the account and return to their body. Obviously this is
a physical impossibility in the real world, so this also serves as a chance to
break the fourth wall and set the tone of the game.

The player is introduced to core AWS services and concepts in order to establish
communication with the outside world. Upon doing so, the player is introduced to
the game's main antagonist, Chaos Monkey. After an initial "battle" to Chaos
Monkey, CHLOE informs the player that they will need to obtain the AWS
Well-Architected Pillars in order to have enough knowledge/strength to defeat
the antagonist.

Each pillar covers different cloud concepts and AWS products, and is guarded by
a mini-boss. Each mini-boss can be defeated by using concepts learned while the
player works towards achieving each pillar. After achieving all the pillars, the
player can return to fight Chaos Monkey.

Boss battles do not include actual "combat". The objective to defeat each boss
is to architect solutions in such a way that the boss is rendered powerless
against them (for example: using AWS Auto Scaling to prevent a mini boss from
overloading your website with requests).

Once Chaos Monkey is defeated, players can open an AWS Direct Connect connection
back to their company's HQ, which serves as a portal for the player to return
home. Completion of the first act also opens a series of acts based on
individual career paths, which players can complete as they desire.
